docs: Promote user-info-fetcher docs to navgation (#557)
stackabletech/opa-operator: docs/modules/opa/pages/usage-guide/user-info-fetcher.adoc

// TODO: Document how to use it in OPA regorules, e.g. to authorize based on group membership
== Example rego rule

[NOTE]
.User-facing API & API stability
====
As of the SDP release 24.07 we document an example rego rule here making an HTTP call.
However, our plan is that the user-facing API of the SPD is *not* the HTTP API of user-info-fetcher, but instead regorules that will automatically be shipped to the OPA server.

> This enables us e.g. to make breaking changes to the HTTP API while still keeping the rego rules API stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables us to make underlying (for example breaking) changes to the HTTP API while keeping the rego rules API stable.
```
